hamadryas baboons are waking up from a
night spent high on the cliffs these
monkeys live in groups up to four
hundred strong with no single leader
there's is a very complex society made
up of dozens of small hareem's each
governed by a male every morning they
leave the safety of the cliffs to find
food
[Applause]
[Music]
top ranking males lead the way they can
be very severe with their females if
there is a slightest misdemeanor despite
their individual strength hamadryas
baboons prefer to travel as a troop it's
safer that way
[Music]
on this particular morning something
stops them in their tracks another troop
is using these cliffs as a parents more
than a thousand baboons can overnight
here and a rival faction is heading
directly their way
[Music]
in the chaos of warfare males settle old
scores
this is also their best chance of
stealing females
[Music]
when the fighting is over the Hurons
reformed lead males punish any of their
females who had dared to stray strict
discipline is essential if order is to
be maintained
[Music]
you